[root] Update API Reference with user-signature methods (#762)
onflow/flow-js-sdk: docs/api.md

  - [Common Configuration Keys](#common-configuration-keys)
  - [Address replacement in scripts and transactions](#address-replacement-in-scripts-and-transactions)
  - [Example](#example)
- [Wallet Interactions](#wallet-interactions)
  - [Methods](#methods)
  - [`authenticate`](#authenticate)
    - [Note](#note)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Examples](#examples)
  - [`unauthenticate`](#unauthenticate)
    - [Note](#note-1)
    - [Usage](#usage-1)
    - [Examples](#examples-1)
  - [`reauthenticate`](#reauthenticate)
    - [Note](#note-2)
    - [Usage](#usage-2)
    - [Examples](#examples-2)
  - [`signUp`](#signup)
  - [`login`](#login)
  - [`authz`](#authz)
    - [Returns](#returns)
    - [Usage](#usage-3)
    - [Current User](#current-user)
    - [Methods](#methods-1)
  - [`currentUser().subscribe`](#currentusersubscribe)
    - [Arguments](#arguments)
    - [Usage](#usage-4)
  - [`currentUser().snapshot`](#currentusersnapshot)
    - [Usage](#usage-5)
  - [`currentUser().authenticate`](#currentuserauthenticate)
  - [`currentUser().unauthenticate`](#currentuserunauthenticate)
  - [`currentUser().authorization`](#currentuserauthorization)

>   - [`currentUser().signUserMessage`](#currentusersignusermessage)

Reviewer: forgot to add verifyUserSignatures here in the TOC

  - [`arg`](#arg)
    - [Arguments](#arguments-12)
    - [Returns](#returns-7)
    - [Usage](#usage-20)
  - [`args`](#args)
    - [Arguments](#arguments-13)
    - [Returns](#returns-8)
    - [Usage](#usage-21)
    - [Template Builders](#template-builders)
  - [`script`](#script)
    - [Arguments](#arguments-14)
    - [Returns](#returns-9)
    - [Usage](#usage-22)
  - [`transaction`](#transaction)
    - [Arguments](#arguments-15)
    - [Returns](#returns-10)
    - [Usage](#usage-23)
    - [Pre-built Interactions](#pre-built-interactions)
  - [`account`](#account)
    - [Arguments](#arguments-16)
    - [Returns](#returns-11)
    - [Usage](#usage-24)
  - [`latestBlock`](#latestblock)
    - [Arguments](#arguments-17)
    - [Returns](#returns-12)
    - [Usage](#usage-25)
    - [Transaction Status Utility](#transaction-status-utility)
  - [`tx`](#tx)
    - [Arguments](#arguments-18)
    - [Returns](#returns-13)
    - [Usage](#usage-26)
    - [Examples](#examples-7)
    - [Event Polling Utility](#event-polling-utility)
  - [`events`](#events)
    - [Arguments](#arguments-19)
    - [Returns](#returns-14)
    - [Usage](#usage-27)
    - [Examples](#examples-8)

> - [Types, Interfaces, and Definitions](#types-interfaces-and-definitions) - [`Builders`](#builders-1) - [`Interaction`](#interaction) - [`CurrentUserObject`](#currentuserobject) - [`AuthorizationObject`](#authorizationobject) - [`SignableObject`](#signableobject) - [`AccountObject`](#accountobject) - [`Address`](#address) - [`ArgumentObject`](#argumentobject) - [`ArgumentFunction`](#argumentfunction) - [`Authorization Function`](#authorization-function) - [Usage](#usage-28) - [Examples:](#examples-9) - [`Signing Function`](#signing-function) - [Payload](#payload) - [Usage](#usage-29) - [Examples:](#examples-10) - [`TransactionRolesObject`](#transactionrolesobject) - [`EventName`](#eventname) - [`Contract`](#contract) - [`KeyObject`](#keyobject) - [`BlockObject`](#blockobject) - [`BlockHeaderObject`](#blockheaderobject) - [`CollectionGuaranteeObject`](#collectionguaranteeobject) - [`CollectionObject`](#collectionobject) - [`ResponseObject`](#responseobject) - [`Event Object`](#event-object) - [`Transaction Statuses`](#transaction-statuses) - [`GRPC Statuses`](#grpc-statuses) - [`FType`](#ftype)

Reviewer: The types here aren't formatting correctly - showing as one big block rather than by bullet.

---

## `currentUser().signUserMessage`

A method to use allowing the user to personally sign data via FCL Compatible Wallets/Services.

> > :Note: **Requires authentication/configuration with an authorized signing service.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :Note: **Requires authentication/configuration with an authorized signing service.**
```
> ⚠️ This method requires the current user's wallet to support a signing service endpoint. Currently, only Blocto is compatible with this feature by default.

Author: ✅

### Arguments

| Name  | Type   | Description                       |
| ----- | ------ | --------------------------------- |
| `message` | string **(required)** | A hexadecimal string to be signed |

#### Returns

| Type    | Description                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Array` | An Array of [CompositeSignatures](https://github.com/onflow/flow-js-sdk/blob/master/packages/fcl/src/wallet-provider-spec/draft-v2.md#compositesignature): {`addr`, `keyId`, `signature`} |

#### Usage

```javascript
import * as fcl from "@onflow/fcl"

export const signMessage = async () => {
  const MSG = Buffer.from("FOO").toString("hex")
  try {
    return await currentUser().signUserMessage(MSG)
  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error)
  }
}
```

---

## `currentUser().verifyUserSignatures`

> A method allowing application to cryptographically verify the ownership of a Flow account by signing a piece of data using a private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A method allowing applications to cryptographically verify the ownership of a Flow account by signing a piece of data using its private key. This is typically used with the response from `currentUser().signUserMessage`.
```

Author: ✅
